docs/notifications.md, before:

# Notifications: Event Schema + Delivery Parity

This document defines the cross-client notification contract used by:

- Web app service-worker push pipeline.
- iOS native push/local-notification pipeline.

## Event types

| Event type | Purpose | Default route |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `scheduled_match_new` | A new scheduled match was created or changed. | `/schema` |
| `availability_poll_reminder` | Reminder to answer an availability poll before deadline. | `/schema` |
| `admin_announcement` | Admin broadcast announcement (maintenance, policy, important updates). | `/` |

## Payload schema (JSON)

```json
{
  "eventType": "scheduled_match_new",
  "title": "Ny match i schemat",
  "body": "Tisdag 19:00 på PDL Center.",
  "route": "/schema",
  "metadata": {
    "matchId": "uuid-or-string"
  },
  "sentAtIso": "2026-02-15T13:45:00.000Z"
}
```

### Field descriptions

- `eventType` (required): one of the three values above.
- `title` (required): notification title shown to the user.
- `body` (required): notification message text.
- `route` (optional): in-app route to open on tap/click.
- `metadata` (optional): string map for client-side context.
- `sentAtIso` (optional): server timestamp in ISO-8601 format.

## Preference model (both clients)

```json
{
  "enabled": true,
  "eventToggles": {
    "scheduled_match_new": true,
    "availability_poll_reminder": true,
    "admin_announcement": true
  },
  "quietHours": {
    "enabled": false,
    "startHour": 22,
    "endHour": 7
  }
}
```

## Delivery rules

1. If `enabled=false`, all notifications are muted.
2. If `eventToggles[eventType]=false`, that event is muted.
3. If quiet hours are active, delivery is suppressed:
   - Web service worker drops push display during quiet window.
   - iOS local schedule reminders are delayed to the quiet-hour end time.
   - iOS foreground push presentation is suppressed during quiet window.

## Implementation notes

- Web stores preferences in localStorage and syncs them into service-worker cache storage.
- iOS stores preferences in `UserDefaults` and reuses them for local + remote delivery gating.
- iOS local schedule reminders currently map to `scheduled_match_new` semantics for parity.

Commit message:

Add backend-synced notification preferences for web and iOS

docs/notifications.md, after:

# Notifications: Event Schema + Delivery Parity

This document defines the cross-client notification contract used by:

- Web app service-worker push pipeline.
- iOS native push/local-notification pipeline.

## Event types

| Event type | Purpose | Default route |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `scheduled_match_new` | A new scheduled match was created or changed. | `/schema` |
| `availability_poll_reminder` | Reminder to answer an availability poll before deadline. | `/schema` |
| `admin_announcement` | Admin broadcast announcement (maintenance, policy, important updates). | `/` |

## Payload schema (JSON)

```json
{
  "eventType": "scheduled_match_new",
  "title": "Ny match i schemat",
  "body": "Tisdag 19:00 på PDL Center.",
  "route": "/schema",
  "metadata": {
    "matchId": "uuid-or-string"
  },
  "sentAtIso": "2026-02-15T13:45:00.000Z"
}
```

### Field descriptions

- `eventType` (required): one of the three values above.
- `title` (required): notification title shown to the user.
- `body` (required): notification message text.
- `route` (optional): in-app route to open on tap/click.
- `metadata` (optional): string map for client-side context.
- `sentAtIso` (optional): server timestamp in ISO-8601 format.

## Preference model (both clients)

```json
{
  "enabled": true,
  "eventToggles": {
    "scheduled_match_new": true,
    "availability_poll_reminder": true,
    "admin_announcement": true
  },
  "quietHours": {
    "enabled": false,
    "startHour": 22,
    "endHour": 7
  }
}
```

## Delivery rules

1. If `enabled=false`, all notifications are muted.
2. If `eventToggles[eventType]=false`, that event is muted.
3. If quiet hours are active, delivery is suppressed:
   - Web service worker drops push display during quiet window.
   - iOS local schedule reminders are delayed to the quiet-hour end time.
   - iOS foreground push presentation is suppressed during quiet window.

## Implementation notes

- Web stores preferences in backend table `notification_preferences` (`profile_id`, `preferences`) and mirrors to service-worker cache storage; `localStorage` is offline fallback only.
- iOS stores preferences in backend table `notification_preferences` (`profile_id`, `preferences`) and mirrors to `UserDefaults`; `UserDefaults` is offline fallback only.
- First sign-in migrates existing local/browser preferences to backend if no backend row exists yet.
- iOS local schedule reminders currently map to `scheduled_match_new` semantics for parity.
